=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Term::ReadLine::CLISH — command line interface shell

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This is a bundle of OO interfaces to quickly built shells with tab completion
and context help. It is intended to feel like a certain unnamed embedded
operating system.

    my-shell> ping count 1 size 1300 2001:470:1f10:456:0:56:48:42
    PING 2001:470:1f10:456:0:56:48:42(2001:470:1f10:456:0:56:48:42) 1300 data bytes
    1308 bytes from 2001:470:1f10:456:0:56:48:42: icmp_seq=1 ttl=64 time=0.047 ms

    --- 2001:470:1f10:456:0:56:48:42 ping statistics ---
    1 packets transmitted, 1 received, 0% packet loss, time 0ms
    rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 0.047/0.047/0.047/0.000 ms

    my-shell>

=head1 GOALS

=over

=item CPAN Friendly

To the extent that this can be done, I'd like for this to be CPAN friendly.  I'm
unsure about the namespace, that's for sure, but ideally, the commands should
all be modules, rather than xml files (or whatever).  Commands are located as
plugins using L<Module::Pluggable>

=item Moduler Design

Where possible, I'm trying to use modules to make the shell and shell objects
fit into home directories correctly.  I'm using things like L<File::HomeDir> to
do this.  In fact, anywhere I can lift something from the CPAN to do things
better than I can handroll them, I've been trying to do so.  Sometimes this
means big refactorings, which is ok with me.

=item Moose-y

I'm not very good at L<Moose> and if you're seeing things that are being done
wrong, feel free to jump in (L<https://github.com/jettero/clish>) and fix them —
or maybe just drop me a line: L<mailto:jettero@cpan.org>,
L<irc://chat.freenode.net/jettero,isnic>, L<http://twitter.com/spottedkangaroo>.

=back

=head1 NAME

I loved the CLISH project, but ultimately didn't want to do this in that way.  I
wanted Perl, obviously, and didn't want to deal with XML.  I don't personally
find it human readable (ymmv).

L<http://clish.sourceforge.net/>

I asked the author if he minded, and he did not.  We feel the names are
sufficiently different that it wouldn't cause any confusion for anyone, and even
if it did (he said) it's not trademarked anyway.

=head1 OTHERS

I'm reinventing the wheel.  There are plenty of other choices out there, but
none are what I wanted at all.  For a complete working solution full of multi
language support look at L<Term::RouterCLI>.  I literally couldn't find the
documentation for this module, but it seems to be pretty mature.

I also found something called L<Term::UI> and L<Term::UI>.

